Who the hell are you?
How dare you talk to me like this
A trivial war will be so rampant
The lord wants me to kill him
Just an ant
Do you still need you and me to do it?
Let him kill himself
Can't you hear the handsome man?
I think you are acting well
Also handsome sir
Do you know the identity of Mr. Zhan Shuai?
Dare to impersonate
An expensive 100,000
What do you mean?
I believe he is my handsome son-in-law
You don't kneel down to die
Insulted him once
Make you die ugly
Ambition is also your mother
Still there.
How can this mere entry into the sea be tolerated by Lord Zhan Shuai?
Jiang Shao's son-in-law
He hit me, hurry up and call you your identity to vent your anger on me
A mere general
It's lawless.
I'm going to give you three seconds.
Kneel down immediately
Four broken hands
I can spare your life.
Otherwise, I will immediately put you in the dark prison
outrageous
When are you still pretending to be with me?
I'll give you some color and see.
I don't know how many wild Ma Wang Ye served me
Brother, I think his legs are expensive or not.
Try opening the meal.